i was bullied but it made me stronger
there's nothing i can't get through
there's nothing i can't overcome because
regardless of what people try to bring
me down like inside i found like oh cool
i can i can push through these people
can't tell me that i look gross and
and whatever i can't do this like no i'm
i'm going to push through and i'm going
to do it and i and i'll do it
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
our goal with this show and company is
to introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams alright today's guest is the
former undisputed wwe rob women's
champion she has her own action figure
has already appeared in three wwe video
games and stars in season 7 of the smash
hit total divas
but nobody is more surprised than she is
to have taken the world of wrestling by
storm even though she played basketball
at the college level she didn't get her
big break in wrestling until she was
over 30 years old and her body type is
definitely not like other girls but
despite always feeling different and
being bullied all throughout school she
moved to new york and ultimately became
a plus size model with the legendary
wilhemina modeling agency
not satisfied to simply be a pretty face
however she leveraged her extraordinary
athletic skills to break into wrestling
moving quickly through the development
ranks and getting drafted into the wwe
in 2016 and since then she has been
wowing fans in the ring with her unique
blend of raw power and agility as well
as outside the ring with her relentless
crusade for body positivity for which
she was named the today show style hero
she's also shown a ceaseless commitment
to community initiatives for several
causes including the military breast
cancer awareness and the children's
hospitals that she routinely visits all
across the country and for those efforts
and more she received the association of
national advertisers see her now award
so please help me in welcoming the woman
nominated for the 2018 people's choice
game changer of the year award the
irresistible force herself nia jax
oh my god oh my god that's awesome
amazing thank you absolutely thank you
for being here of course
so i am
super excited to talk to you about what
it means to not be like everybody else
and how you've managed to turn that into
like this
monument of
beauty and positivity it's just really
pretty extraordinary oh thank you oh my
gosh this is crazy like that i was like
what the heck who who's he talking about
um
but you know it's something that i was
raised with i've always been different
i've always been
you know i looked different was bigger
whatever but something that i've always
been raised with my mom like she's
always said stay true to yourself no
matter what beauty comes from within
whatever whatever people think of you on
the outside has nothing to do with your
beauty on the inside and that shines way
more than how you're how you look
and so
it's just something i was raised with
and i've always been
true to myself i feel like i just
constantly like
live my truth and and i always say
before like i'm very vulnerable like i
don't hold anything back i'm an open
book
and so i find beauty in everybody
that's
what i love to do like when i meet
somebody i like to find like the beauty
and everybody regardless of what they
look like and i feel like that's just
something i live by give me some traits
like what are
so if beauty really does come from the
inside what are those qualities that
make someone beautiful
oh gosh i mean like i said everybody's
different and
i find like
i always find comedy in people is a very
beautiful thing like making somebody
laugh and smile like the the best thing
i love doing is when we do our hospital
visits
we anytime i go into a room and you know
these these kids are fighting something
i couldn't even imagine
and just to put a smile on their face
like that
is beautiful but then they they're
putting smiles on my face is them being
able to to reach within what they have
realizing what they're fighting and like
seeing me and like cracking jokes with
me like that's beautiful that's so
beautiful talk to me about those
hospital visits and going in and seeing
the fans and and even more than just the
hospital visits the the way that fans
receive you as somebody that gives them
a hero to look up to that they recognize
themselves in
so that's one thing i'm very blessed
with on wwe like i never thought in a
million years i would be somebody that
anybody looks up to because i just
i've always wanted to just live my life
and be happy right and so in the wwe
we're so passionate about giving back
and i'm a huge proponent of that so when
we go and do these hospital visits it's
a treat for us i'm so excited to do it
like i might have only slept an hour and
like traveled like 15 hours on a flight
but like being able to go in and visit
these kids like they're the true heroes
you know they're they're fighting
something a huge battle and all they
want to do is just hang out with us
and i'm like that's a huge blessing for
me to think like that's something i can
never give back you're on the road over
300 days a year
you sleep
very little and you do all of this stuff
what is it that drives you
passion for
what i do
like i
i love what i do there's nothing better
than stepping into that ring in the
arena in front of thousands of people
and putting on a show and wrestling and
i go off adrenaline it's just it's a
passion
so
if i'm only sleeping an hour a night
like i know that like
um what was that we flew 15 hours to
south africa
and uh we had like a three hour little
gap before we had to go to the show and
like all of us were just completely
beaten exhausted right but then we get
to the arena and there's all these fans
and these kids dressed up like us with
signs and they're just so excited to see
us
the second my music hits i'm not tired
anymore my adrenaline's out there i'm
ready to put on a show put some smiles
on faces and like just to see the crowd
reaction like
it's it's nothing like it
you've talked about
fighting a couple times so i know that
for you growing up probably wasn't easy
but you've stayed insanely positive so
one i want to know what was it like
being bullied like in the moment when
you were growing up how did you
cope with that how did you struggle to
stay positive
oh gosh i remember i was playing
basketball and an entire arena was like
chanting bigfoot whoa yeah i mean like
it was a high school
game but it was just like oh my gosh
like people are just like like it's
constantly being reminded of like you're
bigger you're you don't look like
everybody
and um
i
there were days where i would be upset
and like i'd cry about it and like
i wouldn't get asked to dances because
you know i wasn't as petite and cute
like the other girls and
and i would always it would be like dang
i
i'm just so
i'm so different and like how come i
can't be like them that's in the back of
my mind
and then my mom would always be like
you're beautiful
there's nothing wrong with you
like you have something that people want
and i'm like what is that she's like the
beauty on the inside your heart
and so
i don't know what it is i just
constantly you push through and you find
the positive and that's something i
really do is i find the positive in
almost anything even when i want to
complain about being tired you know what
i mean like i i only slept an hour but i
get to be in i get to be here i get to
meet people i get to have fun i'm home
for like maybe a couple days i'll go see
my mom like there's a positive in
everything that i can do i was bullied
but it made me stronger
there's nothing i can't get through
there's nothing i can't overcome because
regardless of what people try to bring
me down like inside i found like oh cool
i can i can push through these people
can't tell me that i look gross and
and whatever i can't do this like no i'm
i'm gonna push through and i'm gonna do
it and i and i'll do it
so
it's i guess i just find the positive in
everything that i do
so take me back so a lot of kids look up
to you and a lot of people are going to
be watching this and i think there's a
real moment of insight you can give them
take us back you're on the court and
they're they're chanting bigfoot i mean
that's that that would be
extraordinarily difficult for an adult
let alone somebody in high school so
what's the narrative playing in your
head in that moment uh i was shooting a
free throw so i was like about getting
ready to shoot free throw and literally
like i do this routine before i shoot
and i like dribble the ball twice and i
roll it through my hands and i just hear
big foot big foot and i'm like first i'm
like
why are they turning bigfoot i'm like
what the heck
and then i look and literally it was
they're chanting at me bigfoot
and i you know shot the shot made it
won the game and i cut and i'm like i
sat back and i'm like
because when i was younger i had to like
they didn't make a bigger shoes so i
just wore men's shoes i always had to
wear men's sizes my mom had to buy you
know the expensive shoes because that's
the only thing that fit my feet
and uh i was like dang
like none of my friends do they always
they fit into like the girl's shoes and
whatnot
but uh
i'm like dude i'm still a badass though
i went out and i won that game like she
had a big foot at me my big feet went
and ran over your team and i beat you
like
that's
the narrative i always put in my brain
like because i um i'm a big proponent of
like practicing what you preach and i'm
i always hate when somebody hate like
speaks negatively of themselves so i'm
always like no you cannot you're
beautiful there's you know finding
something beautiful in what you do
so that's something i always try to do
with myself in my head working for the
wwe
and being completely different
that was something that was definitely
pointed out to me you know there we have
gorgeous women on our roster that can
wear like a two-piece bikini and like go
out there and rock it
and i was like that's not me that's not
my style
and you know it was definitely like made
evident by people that like oh you're
fat you're gross you're disgusting you
don't belong here you outweigh these
girls by a hundred pounds why are you
wrestling them and i was like geez i
should just hang it up hang up my boots
but then i'm like no
i'm like this is it looks i was like
it's cool are you kidding me i'm like
the big andre the giant out there and
these girls are trying to chop me down
like this makes for great wrestling a
great story
so i just find like
find the positive and don't get me wrong
i do get knocked down by the negative
and it does set in sometimes but
i always find something positive that's
my like message i'm always like there's
always positive in
any kind of low i got asked a question
for women's evolution like how have you
ever um dealt with with like hitting the
lowest point in your life and i just
said
i can't sit here and say i've ever had a
lowest point in my life because there's
not something i've ever gone through
that i haven't
like overcome
and haven't like completely found
something great in it you know like
anything that you're going through in
the moment always seems like the worst
thing in that moment
but once you get past it and you
overcome it and you realize like wow
i just got past the lowest point like
there's nothing i can ever say it's like
the lowest point in my life because
everything
everything gets better god that's so
powerful so i want to no no i want to
dive deep on that so you were in an
abusive relationship for a very long
time yeah so
how did you
begin to think about that one how did
you get out of it which i think is so
powerful for especially young women to
hear yes and then how did you reframe
and regain the self-confidence that i'm
sure was chipped away at
gosh i don't even know how to get start
with that like
we were young and i don't want to like
chalk it up to being young but uh
it was something that i saw growing up
you know being an abusive relationship
and
it's not something i talk about because
i don't like talking about my mom's
story but
and if i talk about my mom i cry um
but i saw it growing up
so
when i
got into one
um
when i got into one
i didn't realize
that it was wrong
i didn't think
i felt like it was love
and
so i was in it for a long time it kept
going back it's just a cycle and
wrestling actually got me out of it
getting the job at the wwe because
i had to move away to get away from it
was it partly because you were finding a
sense of self again
so i modeled
and it was something that he always kept
saying like oh you know like that's are
you kidding me you're not like a real
model you're not really like a model
you're kidding me you're just a big girl
like
so it was like okay whatever
pushed through that
but it was kept like he kept knocking
everything down that i did um
and then when wrestling came about and i
found like this new passion for it and i
once i stepped into the ring and tried
out i was like oh my gosh i have to be a
part of this like i need this and it was
something that another
you're not gonna do it you're not gonna
be any good are you kidding me like
you're gonna come back you're gonna go
out there and you'll be you'll be back
soon you're not gonna make it out there
i was like oh okay
and then i went out
and
i made it and i killed it and
and it was something that like i sat
back and i'm like gosh i
i allowed myself to be
abused for so long and it wasn't just
physical it was mostly emotional and
like that's the worst i feel like is
like emotional and like mental abuse and
and
when i came to wrestling like i was able
to to actually find myself again like to
realize like what i could do the
possibilities that like are endless for
me
and um
and i had to sit back and think of the
relationship i had with my dad
stuff like that
how did you find your way through that
because you're still
so loving when you talk about your
family and very gracious when you talk
about your father like how did you
navigate your way through that
well
even with my ex i we still i'd talk to
him because there's something like
we talked about the whole time that like
what we went through and he's gone
through a journey of finding himself and
like realizing the stuff that he did to
me and whatnot and
i'm like i said i'm a very open book
with steph period like i
when i look at my dad i'm like oh
i've always loved my dad no matter what
he's my dad and he and he's always loved
me it's just
i always think like what maybe the way
he was raised and how he was brought up
is the reason he was the way he was and
you know and and my mom was so strong
that she
she was the reason that like we
we've never wanted for anything my mom's
worked
she scrubbed toilets
she cleaned bedpans she did whatever she
could to make sure that like
we never needed for anything
and so she was so powerful that i look
at her and i'm thinking like she went
through all this to make sure that i
could have the life i have today
so
going through an abusive relationship i
felt like gosh i would never want my mom
to think that i ended up allowing
somebody to do that to me after all the
hard work that she's done to get me to
where i am today
so that helped me get through it
sorry
[Laughter]
talk to me about your mom's work ethic
like that's pretty legendary you
obviously have an insane work ethic when
i think about what you do i mean it's
it's really ridiculous
put on top of that i've seen some of
your workouts they're equally insane
um what was it that
you learned from her like what what's
the the key to having that kind of work
ethic
oh gosh
so
she just i think because she's
a grinder like she nothing stopped her
she fought through anything
she just went through so many things to
where she think she thought like there's
nothing i can't do just like i how i
feel there's nothing she can't do
there's enough time in the day to get
everything done and so she just had such
a drive to make sure that like her
purpose in life or her kids
always were taken care of and healthy
and
i don't know what it is with inside that
instinct in her that she just nothing is
not doable sometimes i'm like mom we can
wait till tomorrow
she'll stay up until midnight and do
stuff to make sure that we're taken care
of it's interesting because your mom
once said in an interview that you're
her rock yeah so i would say that you're
doing quite well in that respect already
and she's she's pretty sweet she's
pretty awesome wow that's really really
extraordinary so
looking at
the things that you've accomplished in
the ring and out of the ring your family
like all seem to have this similar
desire to really take care of each other
and i see that same thing with the
friendships that you've had which have
been very public and seemingly insanely
loving and
you've been referred to as the voice of
people that don't have a voice even in
your friendships
what what is it about you that allows
you to speak up or demands internally
that you speak up when you see somebody
doing something wrong
oh gosh that's something i always feel
like is my downfall
because i'm always i'm always like gosh
i have like i i do have a have a big
voice i have a loud voice and like i
caught i'm i just don't like anybody
being treated wrongly i don't if it
happens to me i don't like it but i
especially am extremely protective over
friends
and family i think maybe it's having a
mom like mine or having a little brother
and always being super protective over
him but i just
i don't think that anybody should be
treated wrongly i don't think that you
know everybody
people should be treat each other with
respect and there's good in everybody
like everybody has a good in them like
you know and usually when somebody
speaks up to somebody who's treating
somebody badly you always find out the
reason why that person is their way they
are because
deep down they're good as well
it's interesting so talking about deep
down you've said that one of the reasons
that you don't lash back out at people
that are coming after you critically on
social media or whatever is you know
that they're
hurting
really badly to come after you like that
i never thought anybody
would deliberately try to hurt somebody
if they were in a good place with
themselves because when i'm happy and
i'm in a good place i want everybody to
be happy in a good place you know right
so going back to your voice so for
somebody watching right now that
struggled their whole life to speak up
for themselves like what advice do you
have how can they find their voice like
you found yours i always say speak up
because you're not alone
i feel like
everybody goes through insecurities
anything like i
nobody would ever think that me and
alexa would be friends because she's so
little and i'm so big but we both have a
similarity that she dealt with a body
issue herself
you know what i mean so we come and
together there's a commonality in
everybody
and so
i hope that you know
some people can find speak up just speak
up period
but
finding something that you love and that
you're passionate about and realizing
that like
your beauty and your uniqueness comes
from within
it it's it's so powerful to realize that
it's powerful to know that like
your heart is what's truly beautiful
that none of this matters it's your soul
that matters
you know and and
i hope that
i hope that people can find their voice
in realizing the strength that they have
on the inside well talk about walking
the walk not too long ago you posted on
ig a picture of you in a bathing suit
with no makeup yeah what did you hope
that people took away from that
so what happened was i was at
wrestlemania
and we have this thing called access
where we get a chance to meet fans like
face to face
and uh
and i didn't realize the impact i was
having at that point and then a lot of
the fans were like oh my gosh you're so
you're really going out there and you
don't care what people think about you
you're just doing it and you're you're
really giving me confidence to do what i
want to do and wear things that i want
to wear and i'm thinking like wow
i didn't really think that what i was
doing was really affecting you like that
and then i sat back and i was like gosh
you know
if i'm going to sit here and really
preach the fact that i i do love my body
and that i am positive i people should
see that i do love myself in this form
you know what i mean and and that people
should realize that we are a constant
work of progress like that's the beauty
of life you can completely change day to
day if you don't like something about
yourself you can definitely change it
you know and and you shouldn't be so
negative on who you are and you
shouldn't be so negative on what others
are you don't know their journey you
don't know what they're going through
that like that when i when i posted that
i i wanted people to see like
i am
happy with who i am and i it has been an
insecurity of mine to show people in a
bathing suit which a lot of people have
but me posting that and putting that out
there and showing them that like nobody
can attack me
because i'm giving this to you like you
can't attack me for i'm i'm being
positive and showing you like this is my
vulnerability you can't attack me
anymore like that's my strength
so i wanted people to to see that i
didn't realize it would get picked up
like it did
which was amazing but
i wanted them to be like wow like okay
she's really not allowing anybody and
allowing things to get her down like
she's
living her best damn life that's what
i'm trying to get out there but i want
people to live their life live their
best damn life that's so beautiful and
to be honest like
what we're doing with impact theory it's
that same thing it's there are times
where nia i'm i am
to the core of my being i'm exhausted
but at the same time you're it it's so
easy to keep going because you get those
moments where somebody is
pouring their soul out to you and you've
given them a life raft yes in the middle
of some crazy storm that you don't even
know what's happening
it's really extraordinary and that's and
it's it's amazing that you guys do that
because
people like especially nowadays like we
they go to their phone and they go to
you know like they need a release and an
outlet and a positive message
is what's needed like i
when i did total when i do total divas
whenever we do like
we film or whatnot and you know i feel
like this reality kind of gets tossed up
in drama and whatnot
i definitely always try to find
a place on the show to where i can send
positive messages so that like when
young boys young girls see things or
hear things like it's a positive thing
it's it's very empowering
it's not dragging other people down it's
not making other people feel less than
it's it's bringing each other up talk to
me about female empowerment so you're
going hard for that female empowerment
which is amazing
why is it important to you and why are
you resonating so much
it's important because
i have a niece
i have a little niece and and i've
always been a strong-minded woman like
nobody can ever stop me from what i want
to do
but
i don't ever want her to be told she
can't do something
i want her to know that everything she
wants to do she can do
and
and women are badass dude we're freaking
awesome
you know what i mean like there's
nothing we can't do and
i feel as though it needs to be it needs
to be just totally normal
and
i always say i say this like i i want to
get to the point where it's
done being like this is the first ever
this and women are finally doing this no
i want it to just be
to be normal like just give it give the
woman a chance to do it because she can
do it and she can kill it
and so it's very important for me for
all women and all young girls like to
know their power and their strength
in
and i don't know why i resonate
but can i hazard a guess
anybody that's seen you do a 230 plus
pound farmer carry
the fact that you can dead lift over 300
pounds for rep
it's like it's it's pretty extraordinary
even just what you've done at a physical
level is is extraordinary and to see
somebody that is leaned into getting
strong which a lot of women are actually
reticent to do because of what you were
saying like oh the standard image is
petite it's cute
it isn't the standard image isn't power
it isn't powerful it is dominant or
aggressive so to see you do that is such
like this amazing beacon of light
towards just a whole new way of being
it's really pretty extraordinary thank
you yeah i appreciate that yeah i feel
like when you see different kind of
powerful women then it becomes normal to
them it's not something we're like oh
you look funny you don't look like that
girl i saw on the magazine are you you
know like they go out there and like
this is normal
every you know i mean like that's that's
something i want for for not just female
empowerment for like just general like i
want us to be seen everywhere in in
different shapes and sizes and doing
different kinds of activities lifting
women you know
soccer basketball tennis center serene
williams is like amazing you know what i
mean like seeing a woman like that like
beautiful curvy like that should be
normal it should be normal forces all
kinds of people and like young boys and
girls seeing that growing up makes it
easier for them to actually deal with
you know i feel like dealing with like
bullying and
and you know making fun of looks and
whatnot i think that's something that
you know that's my empowerment to
to young boys and girls
no that's really cool and and speaking
of cool like one thing that i think is
really exciting to see the change
speaking of serena williams that recent
ad that she was in that said girls from
black girls from compton don't play
tennis they own it
and i was like whoa
that that's fire do everything about
like why when i see a when i look back
and how
their dad like literally just instilled
so much empowerment in them at a young
age like that's something that like i
look to my mom like she's like like
instilling you know to me empowerment
and the in me
to come out and send messages like look
where venus and serena have done like i
did curvy con
at new york fashion week and venus was
there and she her she partnered up with
the with dia and co this company and
making these t-shirts that um they make
statements and like all the proceeds go
to
uh up and coming fashion designers that
want to
make plus-sized lines because they
always say oh it's it costs too much
money to to do plus-size and it was so
cool to see venus venus williams up
there like really pushing them the
movement for like
you know inclusiveness and like fashion
for women you know and and uh the things
that they've accomplished is just
it's insane like they're they're
incredible human beings and they've
influenced our world like beyond
you said that if you don't like
something about yourself you can change
it
what's that process for you like how did
you learn wrestling for instance you you
came at it pretty late in the game yeah
rose fast to dominate like what was that
learning process so it's one of the
hardest things i've ever done i've
played pretty much every sport i've done
it all
wrestling wrestling's a whole different
beast
and uh
that
that was like a challenge
and so that was like i don't know how
i'm gonna do it but i'm gonna i'm gonna
figure this out
like when you hit the ropes and
everybody thinks it's easy those are
like it's like hitting a wall
those are rock hard like tight ropes and
when i was done i remember i had done my
tryout and i was black and blue
and i took a picture of it and i sent it
to my mom and she was like
lena you are not doing this and i was
like but i love it
i love it and i remember at the tryout
they asked me to do a flip bump it's
like where you just stand there and you
just flip and you land on your back and
i was like
what i was like slip in the air and land
on my back are you kidding me like i was
like no
and i looked at our our trainer and i
said can you do that and she was like
yeah i was like
can you show me she did it boom
i was like all right
everybody back up and then i did it but
then i was like
i can do this i'm gonna do like there's
nothing that's gonna stop me like being
a bigger girl in this industry is kind
of like not normal right because
it's just
we come from a different era back when
the girls were in bikinis and whatnot
and so when i finally realized like that
i can do something really freaking cool
being a bigger girl i was like oh i'm
gonna do this
i'm gonna freaking do it because
i love it i
the passion of the constant challenge
i'm constantly learning every time i'm
in the ring a lot of people watching
right now know deep down that they've
never achieved physically what they're
capable of and they don't have a
confidence in their power and their
strength physically yeah what do you
think would surprise most people about
getting physically strong like what
would it do to their personality their
confidence their oh god themselves the
world
it it is uh
so
i've always been strong and it's kind of
something like when i squat like 300
something pounds and people are like oh
my gosh but the feeling you get from
accomplishing it's like it's any
challenge you have right when you
accomplish it you feel so badass
and especially like if you're in the
weight room and you're sweating you're
your body's already feeling the
endorphins
when you can lift something like 230
pounds and and just walk up and down
with it
like that completely changes your
confidence it changes like it your
energy everything and i feel like
when people
get nervous i'm like oh i can't lift
that weight and i'm like but you can get
to it
it's a gradual step i mean i didn't just
overnight go and squat 300 pounds i mean
i wish but it didn't happen like that
but the
the journey the process is the best part
if you want to get into a bikini if you
want to you know go into a competition
or whatever you want to do like the
journey is the best part of it
that's what that's why i find people if
they are struggling with it like you
have to start
because once you start and like actually
experience the journey and realize it
oh it's it's like i said with wrestling
it's an addiction
that's really cool i like that a lot so
what do you say to somebody right now
watching this they don't have a lot of
confidence what is that path what is
that journey for them to go from
really struggling with confidence not
having it not feeling like anything is
real everything everybody tells them to
hold their head up high they just feel
like they're faking it how do they go on
the journey like what are the steps to
get started to building self-confidence
so
everybody's different and
the journey is
first
is not looking to the outside
for help that's something i realize you
can't really look for outside help when
you're trying to find your journey on
the inside it's a conversation you have
to have yourself with yourself knowing
what you want in life knowing what you
want to accomplish not even maybe not in
like in a year but you want to
accomplish today
if you want to get out of the house and
go get your nails done or go meet with a
friend like sometimes like i even have
issues with that like if my friends want
to go out like i'm like i don't feel
good i don't feel like i look good like
i have to have a conversation with
myself like what do i want
what do i want to accomplish like do i
want to get out and enjoy
life
but
that would be my
first advice to anybody is literally
have a conversation with yourself and
figure out what you want to do figure
out what you want in life
because then that's where your journey
begins
that is so powerful i really really like
that so first of all the
admission of you know needing to talk to
yourself and get yourself through that
but what you said about there are times
where even just going out and hanging
with your friends you don't feel good
enough and that you start with what do i
want yeah
um talk to me about how you find that
want how you find that thing that's
gonna be enough to get you to go out to
say that i want this enough to to really
go after it being so busy all the time i
feel like sometimes i miss out on other
things in life like just going like
going to have a drink with a friend out
you know and like mingling and stuff and
and uh
and so
it's
it's the experience for me
because whenever i do something where
i'm like i don't want to do it and i go
out and experience it i end up being
like i'm so glad i did that i'm so glad
i wouldn't did that work out when i
really didn't want to i'm so glad i met
up with my friend and we had a couple
laughs and she was going through
something and i helped her through it
like it just all goes back to the
journey in it like i'm finding that like
experiences and laughter and whatnot it
how it always helps with anything you're
going through and then what do you tell
people that um
if you're battling with depression
they've turned inward there isn't um
they're they're not connecting with
people they're not putting themselves
out there they're afraid of rejection
let's say how do you help people
overcome that fear of rejection gosh
yeah that i mean obviously rejection is
probably one of the worst feelings
and
i've i always say speak up i know maybe
people don't want to but you have to
you have to speak up because you are not
alone nobody is alone i always say
there's a there's always something that
like somebody's going through and like
you might think somebody's completely
different like i would walk down the
street and probably strike up a
conversation with somebody and you'll
realize there's something in common that
you have
and it might probably be very difficult
especially when you're depressed and you
are in the dumps but you have to you
have to speak up if you're not going to
have the conversation with yourself you
have to talk to somebody
yeah beginning that process getting
yourself out there opening up reaching
out for connection which is something
that you've done really really well all
right before i ask my last question
where can these guys find you online
um i'm very active on instagram on nia
jax wwe and uh
twitter
perfect also what's the handle nia jax
no jax wwe yeah that's where i'm very
active and then obviously you can catch
me on raw
uh every monday night and then uh total
divas season eight just started on e
every wednesday very exciting yeah all
right my final question yes what's the
impact that you want to have on the
world
oh gosh
i just want at the end of the day
anybody everybody to realize
they're beautiful
it's
it might be so cheesy and simple does
that sound cheesy to you i guess like
like when i speak to people like i try
to
to really
make them feel
like they're
perfect and beautiful in their own way
and i want
that impact to be out there and i guess
it sounds cheesy because i i just want
people to like feel the genuineness
and like realize that like you're you're
beautiful just the way you are
and i guess that's the impact i want
people to have
i love that nia thank you so much thank
you so much
thank you
all right
guys that this is somebody who when you
look at what she's been through what
she's had to overcome fight through to
build this beautiful personality
somebody that reaches out to others
somebody who when you ask them what the
impact that they want to have in the
world is they want other people to feel
beautiful they want other people to feel
connected and get their confidence and
to put themselves out there in the most
extraordinary ways to make other fee
other people feel included and to find
themselves and to build from there is is
really extraordinary and i think she is
the tip of a growing spear of people
that are willing to be themselves to
step out front to give a voice to the
people that don't have a voice not so
that they can be some sort of hero but
so they can help other people find their
voice
that to me is so
beautiful and that's why i was super
excited to learn more about her i think
she's really extraordinary i think that
you guys will have a very good time not
only watching her on the show but she is
amazing physically like you cannot
believe in fact she said she was going
to uh take lisa they've clicked they're
gonna be friends they were gonna run off
and i said you're gonna have to fight me
for it and then i said actually no
that's not that's not how we're gonna
settle this we're gonna settle it any
other way than that
but it's it's extraordinary to see
somebody blend the beauty of her
personality with
finding her real power in life and
wanting to share that with other people
and not being afraid of who she is or
ashamed of who she is and being totally
herself warts and all being putting her
vulnerability out there and also putting
her strength out there i think it's
extraordinary
so if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary take care
wow thank you so much no thank you
[Applause]
hey everybody thank you so much for
watching and being a part of this
community if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe you're going to get weekly
videos on building a growth mindset
cultivating grit and unlocking your full
potential